Bunch of trash
Sister Shang blames the corner of the river road
Otherwise, we would have caught Shen Qingyan long ago
Jianglu Jianglu is Jianglu again
Why is there this broom star everywhere?
Shuangjie calm down
Why don't we go straight to the gauntlet?
So Shi Xinhuide
One more step in and they broke the rules
It will be attacked by the group
Take the cortex
I want Shen Qingyan to get out of SM
Ah!
Uh-huh.
Boss, can't you start lightly?
Do you feel lighter when people hit you?
Are there any more to come?
A group of cowards learn from others
Learn to grow through being beaten
Oh, dear.
That's not the boss, you hit so hard every time
Don't think I didn't hear
Hurry up, is there anything else to be served?
Ah, I rely on
Can you sell me?
Okay, it's up to you, hurry up
Hit me
Oops, oops, oops.
It's useless
What are you doing here?
You see, at 7:30, you are called to the gauntlet
Hum, come on, what are you afraid of?
You are stupid, SM has rules
Formally declare war and no forces are allowed to intervene
I can't help you lose this time
This time I'll let him come back